So in this class, in this video, we will be talking about the classes first cast on Java and balancing
it on Java.
So let's have a look at the first class, which is a first class taught Java.
These will be the last two classes.
After that we will have a look at our run for this project.
So this class is defined inside the package bank and after that what we are doing is importing a package
Java dot dot asterisk, which will help us to create a graphical user interface for that.
Page.
And of that we have imported Java event which will handle events over the buttons and swing district
and as well as which will help us to interact with the database and util date which will be helping
to create data objects.
After that, what we did here is defined the class which is extending frame and implementing action
listener inside which we will have a two labels L one and two and there will be eight buttons.
After that, there is a one text field and one string type of variable pin inside the parameterized
constructor of the first.
As we have passed a string variable pin and initialized the current instance of pin to the past string
pin.
After that, we have a.
Loaded the image, bypassing the part of that image to the class load onboard, get system resource
and install it into an image icon object.
After that, for resizing that image, we have created an image object and we have resize that image
with the help of a scaled and.
After that again pass that image to the different image icon object.
And then we have stored that image in our label L3 and set the bound for the label location will be
zero comma zero and the size will be 960 cross 1080.
Adding that label to our frame after that.
What we have did is define the label named as select withdrawal amount and foreground color as white
and its font properties that font family as system font type as bold and its font size as 16.
After that, there will be seven buttons so named as as it is a fast gas method.
So in this you will have already values for the cache to withdrawal.
So these are the values like hundred, 500,000, 2000, 5010 thousand.
Then in the buttons there is a back button.
If you want to withdraw from the transaction, withdraw from the current transaction, or cancel the
current transaction so that back button will be used and setting the layout as null.
After that, we have set the location for all the labels.
So L1 is located at 235, comma 400 and it size will be 700 cross 35 and adding that to all three.
After that there is a button be one located at 170 comma 499 and the size will be 150 cross 35.
Then we have added a button to whose location is three 9499 and its size is as 150, comma 35.
And there are another button which is located at 170 and comma 543 and its size is 150, comma 35.
After that we have added that to our label three then for the button for its location will be three
9543 and that size will be 150 plus 35.
Adding that button to our label also.
After that there is a button five for which we have set bound location as 170 comma 558 and size as
150 plus 35 and setting that, adding that button to the label three.
After that, there is a button five setting bound for that button location as 170 comma 558 and sizes
150 plus 35.
Similarly for the Buttons six and button seven, we have defined the bound and sizes respectively.
Then we added accent, accent, listeners.
What?
All of these buttons.
We want to be seven.
After that, we have set size of the windows nine 6180 1080 and set the location as 500 comma zero and
the rooted property as true.
And then we have a set visibility of that window as true.
After that, we have defined public void action performed method.
So inside the block what we are doing is a string amount we have taking the resource from the button
and get text substring three.
So tilde three is substring.
We will be storing that amount.
Then we have a connection.
From a connection, we're able to find out that inside the result set instance, we will executing the
query select extract from one bank where ping will match a balance as zero and are restored get restored
restart next will iterate over the record if the string gets string mode is equal to deposit.
So if the mode is of deposit then we will be adding the amount to the balance.
Otherwise we will be detecting the amount.
And in the balance a string number is equals to 17.
After that eight or get re source is not from b seven and the balance is less than it is the amount.
Then what we're doing is insufficient balance and if the source is from B1, then we will set the current
visibility as false and call the new transaction pin method.
After that, if in else block what we are doing is we are initializing the date and executing the query
insert into bank values, pin, date, withdrawal and amount.
And showing the display dialog box that debited successfully after it set the visibility as false and
call the new transaction pin set visibility as true after that.
Inside the cash block, we will be handling an exception and inside the static void main method, we
have called the first case with the null values and set the visibility as true.
Now what we are doing inside the Balance Enquiry or Java file, this will be the last file of this project.
So this is defined inside the package bank and we have imported the necessary package like Java or JWT,
which help us to create graphical user interface and Java enabled event to handle events over the button
as well as set to execute queries with the help of resolution.
Instance and swing is a developed or modified method.
Then the AWG package.
Then there is a java util class.
After that what we are doing is initializing our class balance enquiry, which is extending frame and
implementing action.
Listener This class will have two text field 22 three buttons b1 B to be three three labels and 2l3
and a string type of variable pen.
After that, we have defined the parameter constructor of balancing query string pin this pin as equals
to pin.
And after that we have installed the image with the help of class or get system resource by passing
the image path.
After that, we have scaled the instance of that image, then added that image to our new image icon
object.
After that is told that image icon object into the label, setting the bound or location for that label
that is zero zero and its size will be nine 6180 1080.
And it's adding that label to our frame.
After that.
What we are doing is there is a label one.
And after that we have set its foreground color as white and its font properties.
Font family system font type is bold and font size is 16.
There is a button back button.
Label this back, setting the layout as null.
Then we will be setting the location and size for the label.
One that is 190 comma 350.
It is is its location and its size will be four and Red Cross 35.
Then adding that label to our L three label.
Then there is a button setting bound for it whose location will be three 9633 in sizes 150 plus 35 adding
that two also l three.
Then there is an end balance is equals to zero.
Now inside that right block, what we are doing is.
Destabilizing the connection with the help of connection class.
Now inside the results it is instance executing the query that select extra from bank where pin is equals
to pin.
So where the pin will match, we will be fetching that record from the bank and for that particular
record we will select check for the mode.
If the mode is deposit, then we will be adding to amount in our balance instance, if the mode is not
deposit, then we will be subtracting that amount in our balance instance.
After that we will be setting an album that your current account balances balance, so that balance
will be shown after that.
One attraction listeners will be one will be adding action listener as be one button will execute some
event.
So set size will be nine six to cross 1080 and this property is true after that location is 500 comma
zero and its visibility as to.
After that we have defined the action perform the method which is taking action event a and setup visibility
of the current window as false and the new transaction.
We have called the new transaction by passing the string pin and center visibility as true.
So this will move us to the new transaction page.
Now inside the main method, we have called a new balance inquiry with the null values and set the possibility
as true.
So these are all the two last two classes of this project.
In the next video we will be having a look at the live of this project and.